【开场】
Hello everyone, I am Han Zhang from group 3, and I’ll talk about the social challenges of Lithium mining.

【Slide 1】
The first one is about the land ownership. 
Mining facilities must be built, so land is needed. For the private land, the owners may have to relocate, someone may be unwilling to move. 
And If the land was originally used for subsistence, how will these owners make living then? Can they get compensation that meet their long-term needs?

The second one is the challenge caused by environmental problems.
As we just discussed, the mining industry is likely to cause pollution to the environment, which may affect the health of surrounding residents. 
Moreover, will residents be forced to relocate due to environmental impacts like pollution and water shortage especially in the western region?

【Slide 2】
The next one is about the labor positions.
The development of the mining industry needs lots of labors, but this demand varies with the life cycle of the mine. So how to relocate the surplus labors?
And if unskilled workers are employed, the company should also ensure they are trained to understand and comply with safety regulations.
In addition, the public usually has high expectation for the jobs provided by mining. If this expectation is not met, the public may feel disappointed.

The last one is the economic impacts. 
The rapid development of mining may make the local economy overly depend on it. If the mine is shut down, can the local economy continue to develop steadily? 
Also, how to distribute mining income will also face challenges. Should it continue to invest? Or to improve local conditions?

【Slide 3】
So, with these social challenges, what can we do? 
The government plays a very important role. They can formulate policies and improve laws about mining, 
and strengthen supervision on these companies. They should also balance the interests of the companies and residents when making decisions.
For the mining companies, the interests of surplus labors should be considered in advance. At the same time, relevant information should be published to the public.
Also, I believe there are also some other ways to deal with these social challenges like the trade unions, the media, and so on.

【Ending】
Okay that's all from me, Hao will talk about the ethic challenges.

